woman pound man scorpio this is a
relationship that city between two signs that
they are in semis steel that are
stick to each other after pound
comes scorpio generally that mix is
field is a situation in astrology
where the signs are ignored do not feel
a lot of attraction or are indifferent between
yes it is not the case of pound and scorpio
it's usually a relationship that when
begins it comes with great force
there is a lot of intensity in the relationship in
if the body has the ability to
intensify any relationship and
Liberian woman will feel all that
strong energy score diana plus the
differences that are many attract them in
Korean men will also feel that
softness Liberian Libra has the
ability to soften or attenuate that
target facet score that is somewhat
suspicious or suspicious cautious
the Lillian woman gives her a greater
softness a greater life drive to what
which is the Scorpio sign itself
while the Scorpio man is going
to grant that depth many times
the free woman wins is immersed in
certain surface relationships
that when it is Scorpio came the night
it came to depth that passion came
then the sexual intensity is
powerful may work is the one
the other
feeling that magic of sapas I do not and that
strong magnetism being this woman
Liberian very feminine awakening the
instinctive facet escorpiano in fact
many times the day woman is lost
in this relationship with this man and
disappears from their determined
social relationships that I used to frequent
and she feels hypnotized and attracted
immersed in this new Scorpio world
in life and progresses over time
the relationship is progressing
the Liberian woman has certain
characteristics according to one's own
energy score diana are starting to
outgrow the differences since libra is
an air sign and its natural essence is
achieve socialize have a lot of freedom
of movement and scor -he said- feels
comfortable in that situation or in that
rather introverted relationship then
there begins the situation of the
various frictions or scorpio will have the
ability to yield something that rarely
achieves since it is a fixed sign or
some way they have to reconcile
these differences on the other hand the
man is cordial or is very jealous and the
Liberian woman is of sensual nature
very attractive is in its nature the
seduction in a natural way at the level
unaware unavoidably of this
woman knows how to please can wake up
the resero or the distrust of this
man who is highly territorial
then these little differences that
over time they go amplifying van
generating a certain discord in both
yes naturally they are the signs in state
pure
is going to be that strong passion and that
strong attraction but they're finally going to
follow each one on your way the water and
the air are elements that do not combine
fine since the air itself this
rational nature and from the rational
you can not modify the demands
emotional elements of water especially
in the sign of scorpio that the lawsuit
it's much more pronounced yet so if
may well enjoy a lot
many times they relapse in love to the
woman liberate it costs her to forget a
man is to copy such a nature
intense that connects it with depths
often unknown and on the other
side the Gordian man finds in that
woman a femininity and a sensuality and
an energy that softens
not to all those passions many times
that overflow it so while it's a
relationship that occurs frequently very
passionate and very intense for both should
there are certain factors in the
natal chart of both to be able
make up for the differences